







#01001
*By Devadathan*

The **IEG (Immaturely Elected Government)** System is a roaring success\! No more TV channels that are not cartoons, the first election promise already implemented by our beloved **BHEEM Government**\! 

With no other mandate the party is now free to concentrate on the real problems of the land : How are trains being allowed to move when no one says *choo choo,* why don’t hands inflate when you blow into your thumbs, why can't we flatten humans into pancakes like we can our beloved leaders and cartoon characters  \- and the many other such problems plaguing our reality. 

With the backing of the Hara-Sona Party, PM Bheem has managed to bring out extreme strength in the pursuit of such an agenda. 

**The show “Chhotta Bheem” has become the constitution. And Sansad TV is now Cartoon Network.**  
    
The nation's **military systems have been upgraded by Fischer price and LEGO** and **half our armaments** have already been successfully **swallowed**.

We have successfully added Laddoos to the diet of the army officers, and diapers to their uniforms. It is a major success, with all the officers involved claiming **increased agility, endurance and strength**. Experts claim they will soon be able to ricochet bullets without disfiguring or stretching their body, and survive being run over by tanks without having to pump air back in them. 

Other changes under the current government include the **installation of mandatory terrace pianos**, so that they can hilariously fall on people and help **improve the national mood**. The government urges citizens to balance the pianos on top of the terrace of every building, to be 5 cm more outwards. 

Another change would be the amount of **medicine being replaced by toffees** \- an overall good if you ask anybody except the decrepit adults.  This has the added benefit of beating laddoo addiction.   
Such moves haven’t been without controversy : “That bastard has been eating laddoos since he was eight, and he's using it to his advantage knowing damn well **only kids can vote**\!" claims Motu, a popular candidate who ran alongside Bheem.

It is no secret that the BHEEM government uses the **popularity of the show** to **spread its ideologies** to the children, and influence them as much as possible \- but then so have the unsuccessful governments of the past, even the ones run by adults\! 

**We all learn and believe what is shown to us, to be good** \- is this not ideal media literacy. 

Children afterall are the ideal denizens, they learn what is taught to them and still believe in the only world that matters \- the one flickering behind a screen or monitor.  

But too much of this sour discourse \- **time for some ladoos\!**


