







#01101
*By Sai & Vidya*

We demand liberation from antiquated forms of production! Ones that demand so much of so many, our wasteful factories, our ravenous mines - no more!

For long have we desired without fruition, eporting out wants to the meterworld of unfeeling machinery. It is time to turn inward, to the body-factory that sits unused. **A factory that runs on a flawless trimester cycle. A factory that dissolves the tyranny of wage labour and returns us to the original labour. The protean kind that arrives with breath, sweat, and a midwife.** A closed-loop system to rival any supply chain Tim Cook could cook up.

Need a pair of new shoes? Pop a seed, and in a few weeks you can give birth to brand new Batas. Want to build a house? Swallow one of our premium house-germinate seeds, take a few microdoses of concrete, wood, and steel, carry it in your stomach for nine months or less, and deliver it into existance. *Is there any greater joy than living in a house you've just given birth to?*

And not only houses but anything yuo desire from earphones, cars, a gummy worm, to a tungsten wrench, toys for your children to play with, all gestated into being. The dinner you've planned for next Thursday: why make it, when you can pop a pill today and birth it just in time?

How else might we acknoledge the sheer effort and material cost poured into the objects around us that we take for granted? How else could we push-back against planned obsolescence? **By bringing production into the most intimate recess of your being. Into the sanctum of human-manufacture.**  *Afterall who would throw away a thing they gave birth to?*
