







#01110
*By Ansh & Parisha*

The world faces a catastrophic surge in methane emissions. A **62% rise**, a substantial part of which is indeed driven  by industrial-scale cattle farming! Milk, nectar of the gods, has become a greenhouse noose: too many cattle, too many cattle farts, for the planet to sustain.

And the demand for milk, cheese, and paneer simply cannot be quenched - no one can even remeber a time when cheese wasen't addedd to every edible product on the plant.The problem is worldwide. Siloing and quarantining the animals hasn't helped either — it only invites protests from animal-rights activists and the few vegans still persisting.

So **The World Consotium of Abbreviations** and **LEO (Lunar Exploration Organization)** have launched a new initiative : **MILO (Milk-Induced Lunar Orbital project)**, to translocate milk production to the Moon. 

It begins with careful inoculation of cows, buffaloes, goats, donkeys, and camels, all screened for health, before they're shipped up to graze in low gravity. Safe to fart on the Moon, these creatures can gambol freely while we reap the goodness of natural milk and a methane-free atmosphere back home.

Global environmental challenges can indeed be met through technological advancement and planetary collaboration! With MILO managing production, and geriatric outfits like ISRO revitalised into milk-carriers, humanity secures its essential nutrition and an endless supply of cheese, while sparing Earth the burden of cattle farming.

**Indisputable proof that we can engineer our way out of any crisis, perhaps even the crisis of being irrefutably human.**